---
layout:     post
title:      "Genesis"
date:       2025-01-05 23:51:11 +0900
categories: update
---

## Genesis

Every year, like many others, I set new goals and resolutions for myself. For the past few years, I’ve taken a different approach—defining my own [OKRs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objectives_and_key_results). While I’ve never felt the need to share these publicly, this year, one particular objective stands out: to contribute to open-source software and document the experience through a blog.

Though I’ve worked on open-source projects in the past, this time, I want to make it more intentional and consistent. My goal isn’t just to contribute, but to focus on projects that resonate with me—ideally, those that I genuinely believe in or feel passionate about. Unfortunately, I’ve never had that "strong emotional connection" to a single software project. I view software as a tool, designed to accomplish a task or goal. But, I’ve realized that something I use regularly is enough of a reason to contribute.

For me, that software is GNU/Linux. In 2024, I made the decision to return to using Linux after spending several years on macOS. My distribution of choice is openSUSE Tumbleweed, paired with KDE, running on a laptop. This marks the beginning of my renewed exploration into the Linux ecosystem, and I’m excited to see what I can contribute to the community.

So, join me on this journey as I delve into the world of open-source, share my experiences, and perhaps even find ways to improve the tools we all use. I’m looking forward to the ride ahead, and I hope you’ll find something valuable in these reflections along the way.

Enjoy the journey!
